oh
for
for for
[Music]
what the
[__] bro what is going
on dude come
on I literally whatever let's just do it
with what we have right
now okay yeah let me make a note because
I'm going to forget since I can't do
this right now I guess I have to do it
later but
um missing yeah the
um
uh uh self tapping
in uh
um let's see what else are we
missing up up
um was kind of slow
these are
don't I got okay so whatever let's just
do this
animation I don't know why this thing
isn't working I should just stop trying
right I really want to have them all
though whatever oh yeah the
uh
the
uh X on bottom
PL
um the hell are we doing is
um uh Fusion
exploded
anime I don't know
how honestly it's worth
doing
fusion.
vegetabl wait wait wait model that I
created a while ago and you can see how
the way we created it is
we've got all of the different parts and
pieces as
components
component um all of these are different
components now we can go to the
animation tab by clicking this drop down
and clicking on animation and we can
start animating it and so the first
thing I want to point out is there is an
auto exploding tool at the top of the
page just select this whole thing and
try to use this Auto explode tool you
can see how this tool can explode out
part of your model the problem is the
pieces always like direction right it
doesn't look well well I kind of want to
try it let's see what's going on
um this is so sick let's do auto
explode
what the whole component I want the
whole
component these are things I don't
[Music]
any I feel like I want like a good one
so that the assm is
documented there's probably not nuts
under there
either maybe there is I don't
remember these computer [__] sucks
okay okay okay
so why does it keep zooming me in
I just do
okay wait this is going to be so fast
that sucks I don't want that at
all wait how do I how do I get my
timeline
back where the hell is the timeline
oh
boy up here um click the check box you
can see how yes this has added the
movement of all of these objects in kind
of exploding out however the problem is
this isn't really what we're looking for
right like we don't just want everything
scattered all over the place we want
this to stay closeing up together you
can see the hole um but not so far apart
that everything starts being here like
this so we're not really going to use
the auto exp tool for this so I'm going
to take all those pieces and just put
them back in place and then just do a
shift click and out this paring
animation so we're going to manually
move all these pieces apart and so we're
just going to do that using the
transform components tool and so this is
going to be pretty easy to do one thing
I to know is I recommend going down into
your animation timeline and set your
time to something other than the zero
point right here if you start with the
zero point then any transformation you
make is going to get applied before your
animation so for me though I'm going to
take this and I'm going to go about 2
seconds for right now and we can adjust
this later but what I'm going to say is
I'm going to say that I want this taable
top to move up over the course of two
seconds in my animation so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to select my
object I'm set my timeline to two and
I'm going to move this up maybe like 15
inch or something like that so just far
enough you're going to be able to see
the different parts and pieces in here
notice how this is working a lot the
same way that the move tool Works in
design mode but I'm going to go click on
okay and you can see how what that does
is that adds a movement specifically
associated with that plywood top and so
now I drag this back to zero and then
click the play button you can see how
over the course of two seconds this
table top is going to move up away all
right I feel like I can figure it out
now I don't think it's that hard but
where is my
timeline to away
bro is it
this stupid as
H okay
well should I just restart Fusion I feel
like this makes no
sense that's so
annoying dude what about on shape do
they have a good animation
for cuz I might just do a rebuild on
shape I feel like I could figure it out
really
quickly the thing is about on shape is
that well
whatever think my on shape is that it's
like I bet they have sick
ones do they have animations
hello today we going to learn how to
animate concept okay for create
new we waiting to open into un drawing
area will use
I don't know but this this doesn't make
like
rendered
videos although I got to say I've seen a
couple people with the on shaped dark
mode
and looks pretty nice
looks pretty freaking nice
man I sent them my location
uh okay here we
go I don't know what this
is okay
so the first thing of disassembly if I'm
going to take this thing apart is maybe
I should actually go get it and take it
apart is I want to move this up this is
kind of
weird but fine so it's going to be this
and this and they transformed
up
like
no can I change that can I change them
together oh wow you
can't these are just uh timings but they
don't let
me all right whatever let's
um I guess it's like this so it's a 3
seconds I don't know
all right whatever let's just get
something down so let's say it moves up
100 okay then we don't have the
Fasteners in there so that's fine now
this I don't need anyone
[Music]
know
oh oh nice okay
okay so now if I go play
this oh
what
what how is that even possible
okay all right I'm getting the hang of
it h
okay then we go one more let's go two
more
seconds this thing
moves this way and we can just move it a
lot cuz it's out of the picture right
and then I guess we want to have it
hidden there's probably a way to have it
hidden show hide there you
go okay so then we let's play that see
if it does what we want
oh wait so we have to like wait to do
this oh
wait okay so
now this is going to be brutal
oh damn
it oh shoot
wait these are things I don't
[Music]
need can I do
this I wish I could
just okay that works so you can select
those that's nice
okay we'll probably speed it up once we
just get it something
[Music]
down
um okay so wait where did these go okay
then
here okay
um take these out there's no bolts there
yeah um
bottom of top plate bolts uh
nuts so there's tons of Fasteners that
are missing but
whatever okay so then right here let's
move these
up enter
here V you
okay this goes up oh yeah
wait
uh this and the bearing go
up so you go up
here okay then
this after like half a
second mve
that and then how was later oh and
then like so let's
see this is making it nice is going to
be hard but we'll just start over after
we get it down okay this comes out okay
then here this gets hidden and this gets
hidden
okay then this comes
out oh wait I messed something up
wait wait where is this
thing what the what the what the
fck can I just delete
this okay can we get this thing back
oh that's
terrible okay so first this moves
here oh wait oh I see what happened I
think you have to press
okay you do okay then
here the hell here goes
out and then it gets hidden okay great
all right so now this and the
shaft get moved
out
okay
then make it
disappear
now here no
no oh there we go
wait no there is a
fast just got to be a better way to do
this
these are things
I dude I feel like if I got good at this
I could do this so fast I could just be
like really goated at this just like
with the high keys and [__] I could go
hard okay can we watch
it this is so slow
okay it's not bad but it just needs to
be sped up by like
2x so once this is done I'm going to
export it but I am going to start it all
the way
over okay so
now yeah so now
this oh yeah so let's start making it
faster can we zoom in on this
thing oh wait there it there we go wait
that doesn't zoom in on the timeline
though what is this little what even is
that
whatever okay so this goes
up
okay then then very soon after it gets
hidden now this
with oh yeah and then there's supposed
to be Fasteners there
um top PL so fast uh self
tapping
go
okay so whatever
[Music]
yeah so once we add the rest of the
Fasteners this will be oh wait did I do
this right we want it to be like
there okay
oh yeah do I have the pillar ones okay
so then these come
out this tool is actually pretty good
I'm actually pretty happy with this
oh where's the shaft
though oh no no no yeah duh okay
so that's stupid okay
okay yes then a little bit more this
okay now what's next it's
these I think what I should do is like
think of a speed per time like a
basically make sure that the velocity of
all the components is like pretty much
the same so that my timing is
right let's do this so
This goes
up
okay and then here it gets hidden
then okay so this is basically the
animation so we can probably make this
seconds why can't I zoom
out that's so slow
this is too fast okay so we need somewh
sort of in the
middle so we kind of
like it's like what's going on this is
overwhelming yeah we didn't do this
right
I wish I could do a speed control in
here all right but I just curious what
happens if I do
publish oh oh you got to control
the okay can't turn off the origin what
is up with the origin
there is that going to be in
the I paused
it right let's just see what happens if
you do publish all story boards
uh
what 1920 by 1080
what is this Avi
okay
okay I just want to see what it looks
like for
all right okay so we have
it guys should I should I put that
extension that shows what keys I type
um
uh ke vlogger is
there that's from almost 10 years ago
[Music]
I don't want an onscreen keyboard I want
like a nice
[Music]
oh is ke is
oh
oh oh that's smart is ke OS
Foss let's see um but I don't really
want it on my screen I just want it on
obs
but yeah I don't want to okay wait well
[Music]
wait I missed what the hell he did
dude these those two people are
crazy all
right at some um at some point I'll I'll
do that I don't really want to do that
right now I just want to get this
animation
done what was it
wait I don't even know where it
went is it going to render it first no
okay downloads
okay
what oh it didn't say bro are you is
that a joke
man who thought that was a good idea
can I can I view it in
here that that is
insanity share link upload new
version
dude it's actually baffling how weird
some of this [__]
is
um 50 megabytes kind of a big
F clip champ dude who the hell named
Clip
champ yeah oh actually I could do
actually you know I think this is
probably better than
VCC does weird
[__] that's goofy as
hell you can't see anything and why is
the origin in there is that really how
people where where is the
origin okay wait can I do a new origin
okay can I do a new assembly or I
mean
BR so I just delete all this there
there's no way to make a different oh
wait no no no okay I see
okay so we need to go through every
component to see the or where is the
origin I just oh is that like how it is
in
here no way it inherits
that okay so if I go back to so if I
just save
this and then I go to animation it's not
there okay that's how it works so then I
don't want that sketch geometry
what the hell is that sketchy turn off
sketches turn off
construction we want
Fasteners we need to go through and turn
off sketches on all of
these it's kind of
annoying how do I just
disable sketches in the
wait wait I keep confusing what's going
on toggle
recording toggling the view allows
non-recorded scene
navigation oh oh but you know if so if I
if I like go to a different angle right
and then I go to a different angle and
then I play this it's going to do oh oh
we can probably make that look sick
it can also looks so goofy I get
it okay so whatever that is needs to get
out of there let's see how much sketchy
how she's just lying around crusty ass
[__] oh and can we color
this I don't really want it to look like
all the same color
I can make
gears wait why don't I just turn on
shift n but if I go over here I turn on
shift n and then I go to animation does
it stay
there is that real that's actually in
some ways it's kind of wizzy wig and I I
like that it's like why invent a whole
new thing that can do it
so that's pretty nice
um so we need to turn off this stupid
sketch geometry that's hidden everywhere
so I'm just going to go through every
single one and turn it
off done
done oops
oh my God this is going to take so
long I feel like there might be a python
script to turn off to recursively turn
off all
sketches I
use the P API to recursively look at the
browser and turn off all SK
is is there a way to do this fast
already but does this recurse cuz you
would want
does
the
script work
for
[Music]
components
component okay well sounds like it knows
what it wants let's just try this thing
I mean I've been meaning to get like
into
this uh SK script my script create
python uh disable all
scripts okay so wait but how do I open
it up you got to be kidding
me okay wait I want to I want to open
file
location Okay cool so just open um dude
I hate that it isn't more
options that's super real really
destructive okay let's try this thing so
I'm going to turn on so wait before I do
this I'm going to turn
on these sketches which are there any
let's see I feel like that might have
turned
on I don't know hard to
tell if I were to like just make a
sketch I want to cuz I want to test it
out okay so this is visible so we're
going to see if they can turn that
off um and then there's like some random
stuff in there that should be sketch but
let's check okay we're going to put a
sketch on the
yolk so we're going to and it's supposed
to be not that type of yoke I learned
later um okay so then on here let's see
do we have a sketch
okay well that joint I guess but we're
going to draw another sketch on here and
we're going to make a big
circle we're going to delete these after
I just want to see if my script
works okay okay so now let's
um let's run this script this would be
so
cool or oh hell
yeah it didn't turn off all the joints
though
which has a joint is this weird revolute
joint in the bottom plate or something
oh no it's in the
um stepper visibility cannot be changed
why
not that makes no
sense
why okay
[Music]
dude this [__] is so cool I
mean that was like it was faster to
write that code than it was to
uh oh wait but can you do an animation
where it shows it moving cuz I want to
show the motion link actually
an animation that first puts it together
shows it running in two axis and then um
okay wait hold on I'll be
right for
[Music]
all right I'm I'm going to actually get
some water too so I'm going to
be come back
laund everything your yeah mhm
[Music]
okay
um all right let's do this thing
okay um so let's
uh can I just put another one there or
do I need a
that's
silly I don't even know what's up with
that but
um
scripts
create this is so
wild all this
is we need to rename that can I rename
this that's
silly this is so so
silly
um wait if I just open the parent of
this it's
probably yeah
okay so I can just I can just copy this
and then it'll recognize it
okay right so if I just rename this
uh to
um and then I probably have to rename
both of
these I wish I could do a bulk
rename probably relies on the fact that
these are all the same
name this is just a little redundant but
I guess I can't rename this
thing why is this taking so long I don't
really
care uh okay so let's turn
on let's turn on these
joints and then we want a recursive
joint and that's going to
be wait that's going to
be the revolute
joints wait we here
can I edit
this okay
right so so those are built into the so
that's a recursive and then these are
not recursive so we want to see if it
will do all of
them oh it's open that's
whack
um oh that's unfortunate maybe it has to
like register with the hook that' be
insane L is there a reppel where I can
is it where I can explore this
API wait can I run it again and just see
what it
said thank God you can copy that so many
even today there UI so you just can't
copy them um is there a reppel where I
can interact
explore
the what that's definitely not
true unfortunately there's not a reppel
that's like so
ridiculous I mean they literally expose
a python API why can't you just run it
line by line
H
whatever and then you can't click this
that's
great is there a
search it should always say how to do it
in the API
if you can do it in the UI you should be
able to do it in the program with a
program U but
whatever okay I can just like do like a
recursive print field names thing and
like explore the API sort of non-
recursively presumably if I change this
to the default can we make a what is the
the default we're going to
create uh um
empty let me create
this okay then we just run it it makes a
dialogue that just says hello
script okay
so kind so okay so let's just see if we
copy
this um and we uh let's see if we can
rename this cuz uh I'm suspicious
can I what is it contr E I don't even
know okay if I make this all correct
then I do shift s all right mt2 is there
okay so now what we want to do
is hello script okay so let's read the
code now now that we're ready
I can probably rename this
now why is it cuz I ran it that doesn't
even make sense I'm I'm going to close
Fusion
again that is so silly this animation is
definitely going to how I mean I've
already been streaming
for how
long an hour and I'm like not
even what the hell am I waiting
for okay I want to close this
too yes I want to close it I don't
care
um computers computers
computers um
okay
um why is infusion
open it just takes so
long okay so component that sketches
wait hold
on root component okay cool
wait can I pimp can I pimp this can I
pimp install
this okay uh this code gives really nice
interactive
exploration of
functions can I
just install this to
um explor
function and the
bro that's so
[Music]
insane yeah this absolutely needs to be
done yeah and this is like a totally
reasonable
yeah I'm fine with
that Fusion users python version which
it owns this probably has a oh
sick okay so if I just tell vs code to
use that python so let's try to find
that um
I don't know what this is but it's going
to
be APPA
local autod
disk web
deploy
production oh that's so
insane python this is probably
it packages wait wait but we want we
just want this and this is the applic
okay so we want to copy
this uh copy this path and now I think
if I just tell
python let's try
it and then now will it resolve this but
okay we need to tell
it select a different
interpreter hm
H okay because
the
python this has got to be in
lib
no
no why is V code in
here wait did I get the path on
production do ready
API oh you have to go API
python okay so here okay and then this
is just it and then this does this have
like a init file
huh okay okay so let me just ask GPT now
that I know a little bit more
okay okay I found this on the
blog I was able to tell the Python vs
code uh to use this
interpreter but it still can't
find
uh
but exists and I would really like to be
able to just
explore
uh get the
import working in vs code so
I I don't need to run any I code just
see
what what objects exist in classes
from
language
server vs C to help vs code you can
manually add the to workspace
settings okay so okay so let's do this
so
uh this this
is workspace set oh this is great yeah
so in here oh that's so sick
okay and then what is this settings that
Json that's so sick
no
way hell yeah but I can't oh I can yes
dude do we get doc dock
strings yes dude holy hell I'm a badass
okay um this is so
sick yeah this is so useful so
now can I if I click on Design This is
to the active
product
huh. get oh no
though oh that's so interesting yeah no
that that actually makes sense they
maybe they even have like a
pre-processor cuz this isn't
python that's so
weird that's really how it's
implemented what the
[__] okay
fine but um wait so that makes this a
lot less
useful I mean but now this is like
hidden what is
that all wait let's just do
this okay and we want to go to the first
one
what is
that can
we let's um add folder to workspace what
is it is it going to be uh we need
to oh this is it wait but what's a pyd
oh my God then that's what they do how
can
I
um this is so
weird wait so can we go back
to
this oh but now this isn't going to work
is that oh no
okay is it just static methods
no why why is the type hints
in
the oh wait can we do can we do this too
open
a I just want to tell gbt about
this uh
uh weird python
code
with
stir for
typing but it looks like C plus
C+
types what is
that wait is that true no I thought
you I thought the way you do type
hint in Python this way F
[Music]
hello and what the hell is
okay is there is there a struct though
in there so if I type if I do
um
okay I mean pylance can't parse it so I
feel like it's not
right but it has
no dude what is this
[Music]
what is
swayed okay
all right so anyways it's safe to say
that this is a decently offc
code not because they want to off escate
it necessarily but just
because oh wow but I mean look at all
these methods I mean this is basically
all you need to do is look at all the
stuff that you can do with
it
um but what I want to know is okay
so the thing is what is
this
wow okay I want to get this animation
done so I'm just going to move on but at
least the disable all sketches thing
works really well and can we make it a
toggle actually or let's just make a
turn on
all
so it might
be let's
see
um where am I at bro
these oh actually wait I kind of want to
see how to write C++ ones that might be
the I mean wait
so so is this what says that it's a
python
thing yeah so wait can we make a C++ one
and then see what happens
wait did that that made it right so
uh oh
wow that's
wild why are they notifying me about a
pre-release version or
something but I need to know the linking
and include
paths like where is this this is
probably hidden
right if windows but it should be
Windows oh I guess this is probably just
like totally
um right cuz this doesn't have all of
the compile Flags so this is just
guessing on random stuff but this
probably is
true um yeah so it's not going to be
able to find that there's just no way
let me just
ask I made a empty
C++
Fusion
script is there a way to view those
included
files oh
wait it's The SDK hey they probably can
okay where okay that's so sick so wait
um Fusion SDK cuz then we can actually
explore this if we can get that set up
dude holy
[__] dude what wait are this links
just that was weird
this is so cool
man
um so what do we need to
do I want to um oh great that's so
useful okay yeah I want to see
this all right let's just start at the
beginning holy
[__] oh my God this is this is
crazy this is basically how it works
that's so cool and these list yeah see
these are searchable so uh
joint joints
joint joint geometry joint motion
occurrences
component rigid
groups oh we'd have to look for as built
joints too cuz I feel like the
um the stepper Motors might be as built
joints uh
okay
uh oh so I should probably make this a
real actually I could probably do
that
um this probably gets deleted uh wait
hold
on oh this is so sick
um yeah I definitely want to make this a
repo open in
terminal okay uh we going to add
oh
um Pro tip uh
use use the python
interpreter app and then where is it
it's um
it's uh it's not there but we do want
this and the
python
[Music]
code uh and then how do we set it
up uh yeah the vs code
F sets it up so you get a bit of Doc
but okay uh yeah so to see if I can
find these
files
uh can it just guess for
me oh wa this is C++
[Applause]
um
to better explore the object model yeah
okay so this is
huge the only useful
script is the
disable all wait I thought I renamed
this did this never go
through so the only one that works is
bad yeah that's so
random um what if I just make a new
one I just copy the code
over
Ah that's so Anno
I can't believe it's funny making a
small mistake like writing scripts and
such gu as you spend the whole freaking
night
just waiting for that okay so hello oh
my God can I just cancel this
thing that's so can I can I get to it
from the
uh oh that's not going to work
this cat a
thing
uh
okay I'm just going to delete this can
we just delete it I don't want
it oh maybe I forgot to
dude that's
so um
[Music]
okay so let's do an
inet but now you have to like Sim link
it or something like that and then I
have like a GH repo
create H uh Scripts
oh what
oh
cool nice that that's useful that's
definitely useful now let's make this
animation
though let's make it actually good this
time okay so we need to do shift
n and then we want the joints on right
no we want the joints off dude so let's
just go through we just need to go
to stepper motor and then you I don't
know why you can't do that but you can
do this so let's just do that and
there's a rigid joint on this spur gear
I
guess oh you can't turn these off oh I
guess it must be oh wait but this sketch
didn't wait can I run
it oh it did
work that's so so
nice that's so
nice oh right cuz you don't have to
recurse cuz if you turn off these
sketches
no okay I don't know what happened where
did that point
go you probably got to be careful cuz
you can probably wreck a project this
way um but anyways what joints do we
have
so these joints but you can turn off
this okay and then same for the initial
stepper just go to joints and you turn
this
off but how do you animate motion like
motion links can you do
that wait let's just save wait let's
delete these uh two dumb ones let's
save uh
okay
um so wait we should be able
to move this
right I should be able to just go to
uh
joints and
uh can I just play it it's uh animate
joint relationships
so is this and you can't do multiple at
the same time and then I don't even know
how to pause you have okay it just
pauses the whole
thing okay so I wonder if I can do that
in
animation let's see is there a motion
um that's kind of annoying
I don't see anything in here that allows
you to
uh okay but I I just want to
uh want to publish
this uh
here oh wait did I do all hold
on
uh okay this should be way way
faster yeah there we go
so wait where were we wait does it let
me is it going to say open file
location that's so
annoying well where did I oh wait I know
where I saved
it okay see that's nice so
I could color code
it so that like gears or something
brackets or something whatever but I
feel like this is good
enough okay so we want a new
storyboard
clean
okay all right so let's do it again and
we want to get this pacing
Right Moves In okay that's already
stupid just delete
that
um so the first thing
is H it take half a second to move this
up oh wait wait I'm do this it's going
to take half a second for it to move
this up then another half a second for
this oh shoot does oh wait is that is
that going to work and do
this okay wait so half a second to do
this then I click on this now half a
second
more and this goes
out and then we have a
movement uh that's kind of disorienting
but that's
fine then you go a little bit further
and you do both of these just
appear all right so let's play it and
see if that's right wait what is going
on why are they
hidden I don't get
it
what I can't undo okay all right here's
what
happens why is it just not playing oh
it's cuz this thing is bro oh my God
okay wa in the first half second of this
thing and you can't zoom in on this
which is also
the you can't edit this this thing is
bad in a lot of ways okay you move
this it goes
up to
here yeah moves up 100
then in the next second
this piece moves out and this piece
moves
out
then like 2 seconds both of these go
byebye please tell me oh and then I have
to select
okay
nice oh oh that's fast that's fast and
nice it goes out okay then you want a
little bit of a nice pause here a half a
second and what's next this is going to
just
come out this
way and that tiny bit okay wait is that
going to
work tiny bit
up I think that moves it diagonally oh
wait so let's let's go back up here and
say okay if we do this I think it moves
diagonally yeah so you don't want
that or I don't want that so I want to
move
this out
here in half a
second then in the next little bit gets
moved again up
here and then this is like the nebul
zone that delet it so then in the next
frame it's
gone so
now if we watch this we have two things
going on we go there there oh see that's
interesting I for some reason it
overlaps and I don't know if I like
that I think I kind of want to move this
down can I move these
down oh wait you can move these
out edit
action oh that's how how you do
it
okay edit start and end I want this to
be at
like the end of this thing which is at
one
nice
e
e e
damn I always forget to
unmute it's
fine I was just saying it's it would be
really nice to make extra time right
here oh [__] every time you move bro
okay so now we want to go
here move this
up okay okay move this
up okay now here now we got to move this
thing which is the P data as St oh wait
we got to move it
with this
thing H you got to turn off freaking all
right I'll just delete him who
cares okay
oh yeah right I
see and then the
then this goes
down this goes out we did we add time we
didn't okay
okay then
here e
I got to lock in bro so what's going on
[Music]
here oh that's too fast that's too
fast oh [__]
uh yeah this needs to move back out
here all
right o that looked nice up until the
end there I didn't like this last one
oh I don't even need this thing this
thing is totally unneeded this looks
good
bro okay and so then right after that
oh wait wait I did this wrong this needs
to come out
first no I don't an out
nope my uncle
does well he did
he all right
okay let's see
oh yeah wait I forgot about these
penises the dicks
rise I don't need anyone to know
all right that's the whole animation I
think and I said it was about to be 15
seconds so this is about righted
oh wait wait what the hell is this wait
first off I want to edit this action so
it doesn't so it's a little bit
concealed so this needs to move down
like 20
mm okay so we go here these come
out these need to be
sooner there's no reason for these
penises to stay in frame so long
can I extend
it I wanted to
slide this needs to be slow because this
is going to be the start of the video
and then so it's going to be but then
shortly after this thing gets hidden all
right so can I play this in Reverse
let's export
it um
yeah this thing is so sick
man no yeah no I'm just using
chbt oh yeah I I'll look at the F yeah
for sure dude link link that link that
for
sure oh you stream too bro that's
sick h
that's
cool it's scanning my
housewise I don't see a link did you
link
it oh yeah there you
go wait I don't know what's in here hold
on let me open it up
wait did you use
like wait I don't understand how it
actually scanned here
this is pretty
sick I don't really understand what what
this is I thought you said you made a
face
scanner wait but did you actually build
it or is this just a uh design
I don't really dude what are you talking
about bro you did not build a quantum
computer
bro all right so let's uh let's watch
the animation
oh dude really did you actually bro yo
that's crazy wait prove prove that prove
that you actually built a seven
Cubit oh okay you just all right you're
just like clowning me
bro this then I made chat yeah for sure
the timing isn't great I don't love how
smooth this thing is like the timing
need to be exactly
right oh see wait we need to fix that I
don't like the
ending so the problem
is the these need to be moved out to
here and same with
this oh there we go okay I understand
how this works
this is too
long what's in
[Music]
torter wait I don't understand how this
block works
[Music]
I'm going to change
these
okay oh okay cool bro
dudee I'm glad you're here
man well you're you're posting Richard
stallman on on Twitter so you know
you've got to be pretty chill except for
yeah anyways all right say's Rend it one
more time let me watch
it okay [__] uh
I feel like it's not centered because of
this stupid
thing like like the views I need to mess
with whatever I think it's good let's
just do it
again it takes so long though yeah send
the gitlab
dude I can't follow what you're saying
bro so imagine the face scanner one
right uses the same system I I don't
know what that
means anyways I uh I want to upload this
video uh so let I want to use cap cut
I've been trying to I've been trying to
get into cap cut
I think mainly I just need to reverse it
I'm just going to bring it in and
reverse it
what's going on can I reverse this
thing hell
yeah nice
this is so goofy in Reverse this thing
looks so
silly all right but I want to make this
uh 16
by9 or 9 by
16 then I want to stretch this thing
out was kind of slow these are things I
don't need anyone know let's try it
again let's see it's probably
weird yeah you can't really do it I want
to try to export it in
169 width
is uh
wait ni
what it's random as
hell it's hard it's very hard to uh
okay yeah it's hard to do uh 9 by 16 you
got to like
I mean this just looks like
garbage whatever maybe maybe this is
fine but then you just lose
resolution but I don't want to upload a
16x9 like an
idiot maybe this is
fine what happens if you just try to
upload a um
um okay well I feel like I can just
export this so all we need to do is
reverse it and make it the right
size uh let's see what was it going to
pick cap cut videos I'm fine with that
after so let's just open this in
um I mean why don't I just put it in
videos just put it in
videos Tick
Tock kind of slow these are things any
want to know
um we're just going to call it assembly
do I have I don't even have control over
the render frame rate of this I feel
like I don't even know where that
is I don't think you get that so let's
just export
this video save to your desktop you can
actually share it to Tik to I do want to
do that but I don't want to post it I
wonder if I can do it as a reply
that's so
funny okay but now how do I is there a
way to I don't think there is a way for
me to do
this who knows what my four you page is
going to show
bro bro this guy is so
holy [__] oh I'm
dying can I reply with a
video no okay so then how am I going to
get it to
me oh that's so
annoying okay I just should upload it to
Google Drive that's the easiest thing
for me
actually let me upload it to photos
that's probably where I want to do
this and then I can
um videos Tik Tok assembly 16
okay so now it'll show up on my phone I
think I probably have to download it
okay so it's okay so now I can go to
photos and I can download this
thing see that's so stupid though can I
get a can I also have the real
export let's export this again with
um
this uh
I I just want to
see okay um and then we're going to pull
this in capcut and just reverse this so
cancel this can can we do a can we do
contrl
n sure want to create a new project
current project will automatically be
saved that's so sick just leave it to
Tik Tok to have like wa let me make sure
everything's closed
I'm kind of curious how much this
costs $10 a month that is half as
expensive as
uh Premiere but
like honestly I bet it's I mean now that
I have capcut I'm pretty sure I'm never
going to
uh you buy Adobe [__] cuz just like this
is like clearly feels
nice all we need to do is reverse
it I wonder if we do that built into I
probably could
okay oh it's not going to be here it's
going to be in downloads CAD face
tracker sway
169 can we split can we split like right
here is it s what is keyboard
shortcodes oh dude wait wait does this
work if if control question mark
Works no it doesn't okay I kind of
expected it to work contrl
B can we just delete
[Music]
this can I can I go back into fusion and
see if I can finally
add so wait
um save this with the
animation cuz presumably that gets
stored in the the the thing let's try to
add some uh Fasteners cuz we'll need to
add we'll need to redo the whole thing
bro why does it oh wait it is it is
going to load okay so then we might as
well do it for
real okay
uh so what do we need I have a whole
list of things that I need to
add where is
it it's probably infusion models okay
here it
is okay I'll just move this over here
okay so self tap tapping in Pitch spur
65 okay
so
this uh it's going to be it's these
round
heads and it's silk
tapping are these sharp at the end
though I
want that's sharp at the end but I don't
want it to be okay it's like that but
it's but it's not a
hex slotted does it just say Phillips oh
cross there's no sharp cross one
though how is there no
sharp maybe these aren't what I think it
is this what about sheet metal
one that looks like what it
is that looks like what it is
it probably is
about well no no it's 5 +
2 +
2 5 + 2 + 2 is
9 let's do
[Music]
10 what about
12 no that's
stupid create and
continue yeah let's try to bang out all
of these cuz there's more of these oh we
need to make this
smaller so we're going to have to make
that smaller we're going have to delete
that one but this goes down pretty
deep yeah 13 seems
good I mean I I don't think they're
actually 13 mm but what's the big deal
create and continue okay so wait so let
me do completed so that I know what I
actually
did okay um so the self-tapping
here
uh top top plate self tapping the yeah
we did this pillars oh yeah we didn't do
the pillars
[Music]
I got
it uh let's let's just do
this so I'm really going to do this a
third time tonight I haven't even eaten
yet it's already 10 dude holy
[__] that's actually really
annoying okay
um okay so now we did the
pillars now we need
the bottom of top plate nuts oh we
didn't do that okay so wait if I just go
back oh no damn it you have to click
okay when you do it okay that's so
annoying okay
whatever what's the
difference
okay so okay so I didn't get any of
those
so we did those and we
did oh and we did those okay so we just
need these
not 16
13 oh hell
yeah I don't know how I figured that
out wait these need to be short
okay all right so we did do all that now
we need
the hex
guys I just want the the I want the um
animation to look good for some
reason oh and then
was it the case that I don't actually
put these two in
there right I don't actually use these
and I don't use these
either oh what a blemish whatever I'm
going to put them on anyways because
what dude that's a
joke
what there we go
okay it did
work what the what the
sigma select a planer
face wait let's say create and
continue wait what's up with the
secondary geometry
oh oh I get
it okay so now we did the bottom of top
plate nuts hex nut on bottom plate
okay we need to do
this
okay that's in bolts for all gear
hubs oh yeah I don't know how to do that
I don't even think you can do
that but we can put nuts on there so
let's go
back bolts and
screws socket
head seems
fine I don't really know
which the uh
see the problem is there's no
flip
so if I could look at the cross
section I would be able to actually you
know what I might be able to get in
there oh baby but now we just need to
move it up though oh
cool oh no but you can't
actually
H I wonder how you do that do you just
have to manually do the joint I can
probably manually edit the joint so
that's what I'm going to do so this
thing probably needs to be 10 mm okay
and then I'm going to do another
one I wish there was a solo button so
you could just hide
everything oh that's a top
plate this [__] up what's this
gear okay
I can't even tell what I'm looking at
right
now what is going on I think it's
this H oh there we
go wait did I get it no oh wait I
did wait
all right we we just can't do those cuz
those are I don't know how to get those
to
[Music]
work
okay okay uh finish
Fast except for uh gear hubs that's
fine uh but I just want to
see no but I don't really want to do a
16x 9 like realistically that's stupid
as hell I mean for myself I want it
because I like it doesn't make sense no
one's going to rotate their phone that's
dumb as hell
okay but I I actually like the freaking
look at this thing this thing is
sick is it going to oh no okay cool yeah
that's what I want so this is going to
be called
um assembly 16
169 get free Pro together m
H that's kind of
hype okay but now that I have okay and I
still want to upload that to the little
photos but for the sake whatever I'll do
that after the stream I got to get some
food
bro okay so I'm going to
oh wait but does that have that stupidly
long hold on give me a minute I got to
close this
they might have this stupidly long oh
wait why am I doing this I can just find
the
file uh I think it might be this one no
it's not that one uh it's this
one wait was it stupidly long yeah what
is up with this like 5 Second intro
bro so we need to go back to the uh can
we open
recent let's try I don't remember where
my old project
was I mean presumably it's called
829 whatever which is actually super
sick control o doesn't work though how
do you view your
projects go back to homepage oh it's
probably in homepage
yeah okay so we want to go to
like okay so now let's export this thing
again uh I don't give a [__]
okay so I guess I do need to go to
Google
photos all right stream is almost
over Okay cool so I got goog photos
upload
them and I want to upload both of
them
upload
okay but I know
[Music]
I sent them a location
uh action was kind of slow these are
things okay so we're good there
I like what I like is when two
components like slam together that's
very appealing to me
visually
okay and then here's the high res one
wait
what are they both no one of them is
169 what the [__] okay well this one
seems higher quality anyways it doesn't
really matter they're both
good but I feel like I uploaded the
wrong
one okay we need this one
okay so I'm just going to download
this
wait I'm out two
oh
wait that's random
[Music]
uh what am I going to say I said there
is a motor under the bottom
plate I made
okay I'm done I successfully done a
peace